feat: update SubstraFL example (#259)
owkin/FLamby: integration/Substra/flamby-integration-into-substra.md

data_provider_clients = [Client(backend_type=MODE) for _ in range(fed_tcga_brca.NUM_CLIENTS)]
data_provider_clients = {client.organization_info().organization_id: client for client in data_provider_clients}

algo_provider_client = Client(backend_type=MODE)

# Store their IDs
DATA_PROVIDER_ORGS_ID = list(data_provider_clients.keys())

# The org id on which your computation tasks are registered
ALGO_ORG_ID = algo_provider_client.organization_info().organization_id

```

# Data and metrics

## Dataset registration

A [**Dataset**](https://docs.substra.org/en/0.23.0/documentation/concepts.html#dataset) is composed of an **opener**, which is a Python script with the instruction of *how to load the data* from the files in memory, and a **description markdown** file.

The [**Dataset**](https://docs.substra.org/en/0.23.0/documentation/concepts.html#dataset) object itself does not contain the data. The proper asset to access them is the **datasample asset**.

A **datasample** contains a local path to the data, and the key identifying the [**Dataset**](https://docs.substra.org/en/0.23.0/documentation/concepts.html#dataset) in order to have access to the proper `opener.py` file.

> To interface with [**FLamby**](https://github.com/owkin/FLamby), the utilization of the opener and datasample is a bit bypassed here. [**Substra**](https://docs.substra.org/en/0.23.0/) is a library built to be deployed on a real federated networks, where the path to the data is provided to the opener in order to load and read them in a personalized way directly on the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To interface with [**FLamby**](https://github.com/owkin/FLamby), in the simple case of a single machine with clients simulated as Python objects living in the same runtime, the utilization of the opener and associated datasample is implemented as a simple lookup table to find which center lives in which client. [**Substra**](https://docs.substra.org/en/0.23.0/) is a library built to be deployed on a real federated networks, where the path to the data is provided to the opener in order to load and read the data in a personalized way on the premises of the organization.
```

> As we directly load a torch dataset from Flamby, the `folders` parameters is unused and the path usually leading to the data will point out a empty folder in this example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we directly load a torch dataset from Flamby, the `folders` parameters is unused and the path usually leading to the data will point out to an empty folder in this example.
```

To add a metric, you need to define a function that computes and return a performance from the datasamples (as returned by the opener) and the predictions_path (to be loaded within the function).

When using a Torch SubstraFL algorithm, the predictions are saved in the predict function under the numpy format so that you can simply load them using `numpy.load`.

After defining the metrics dependencies and permissions, we use the add_metric function to register the metric. This metric will be used on the test datasamples to evaluate the model performances.

```python
import numpy as np

from torch.utils import data

from substrafl.dependency import Dependency
from substrafl.remote.register import add_metric

def tgca_brca_metric(datasamples, predictions_path):

    config = datasamples

    dataset = fed_tcga_brca.FedTcgaBrca(**config)
    dataloader = data.DataLoader(dataset, batch_size=len(dataset))

    y_true =  next(iter(dataloader))[1]
    y_pred = np.load(predictions_path)

    return float(fed_tcga_brca.metric(y_true, y_pred))

# The Dependency object is instantiated in order to install the right libraries in
# the Python environment of each organization.

> metric_deps = Dependency(pypi_dependencies=["torch==1.11.0","numpy==1.23.1"],

Reviewer: explain local_dependencies in the comment, it's not clear to me what it does.

Author: Done :)

SEED = 42

index_generator = NpIndexGenerator(
    batch_size=fed_tcga_brca.BATCH_SIZE,
    num_updates=NUM_UPDATES,
)
```

## Torch Dataset definition

To instantiate a Substrafl [**Torch Algorithm**](https://docs.substra.org/en/0.23.0/substrafl_doc/api/algorithms.html#torch-algorithms), you need to define a torch Dataset with a specific `__init__` signature, that must contain (self, datasamples, is_inference).

This torch Dataset is normally useful to preprocess your data on the `__getitem__` function.

```python
class TorchDataset(fed_tcga_brca.FedTcgaBrca):

    def __init__(self, datasamples, is_inference):
        config = datasamples
        super().__init__(**config)
```

## SubstraFL algo definition

A SubstraFL Algo gathers all the elements that we defined that run locally in each organization. This is the only SubstraFL object that is framework specific (here PyTorch specific).

The torch dataset is passed **as a class** to the [**Torch Algorithms**](https://docs.substra.org/en/0.23.0/substrafl_doc/api/algorithms.html#torch-algorithms).
Indeed, this torch Dataset will be instantiated within the algorithm, using the opener functions as **datasamples** parameters.

> Concerning the [**TorchFedAvgAlgo**](https://docs.substra.org/en/0.23.0/substrafl_doc/api/algorithms.html#torchfedavgalgo) interaction with [**FLamby**](https://github.com/owkin/FLamby), we need to overwrite the `_local_predict` function, used to compute the predictions of the model. In the default `_local_predict`provided by **Substrafl**, we assume that the `__getitem__` of the dataset take into account the `is_inference` argument to only return the inputs samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Concerning the [**TorchFedAvgAlgo**](https://docs.substra.org/en/0.23.0/substrafl_doc/api/algorithms.html#torchfedavgalgo) interaction with [**FLamby**](https://github.com/owkin/FLamby), we need to overwrite the `_local_predict` function, used to compute the predictions of the model. In the default `_local_predict`provided by **Substrafl**, we assume that the `__getitem__` method of the dataset has a keword argument `is_inference` to only return X and not y.
```
